Bill Hicks will make a catalog feed available for each of the Store Customers in PriceCompare.  This feed contains all the information on the products (IDs, descriptions, prices) but does not contain stock numbers.  Each feed will have its own unique name based on the Store.  Each Store will need to maintain separate store credentials in Store>Supported Vendors>Bill Hicks, giving the Store access to its catalog feed downloaded from the Bill Hicks FYP site accessed using the Store’s credentials.   The catalog feed will contain pricing that is specific to the Store.
The catalog feed is updated daily – so that each Bill Hicks account in the Admin Panel should have time settings to download the latest catalog feed automatically at most once per day.  There will also be a manual sync button that will initiate a manual sync.  PriceCompare will have to log in to a FTP server made available by Bill Hicks to the Store and download a catalog feed for the Store using the Store’s login credentials (and not the Admin credentials of PriceCompare).  Price Compare will then update the Store specific tables that contain the MSRP, MAP and vendor cost data for each store.  In doing this update, PriceCompare will first compare the Store’s catalog file to the one from the prior day – and only update the product lines that changed between the two days.

Separately, Bill Hick will make a catalog file available to MicroBiz on a daily basis.  This will be made available from the same folder on the Bill Hicks FTP site provided to MicroBiz that is used to make the hourly inventory CSV file available.  The file will have a name similar to MicroBiz_Daily_Catalog.csv.  
Please modify the catalog sync settings at Admin>Supported Vendors>Bill Hicks Sync Settings so that there is a control to set when the daily Master Product Catalog sync should occur.  The sync set up will download the latest version of the MicroBiz catalog feed csv file., and compare itre to the previous file – and then run an update in the Master Product Catalog of only the changes in the new file vs the old file.
The Admin>Bill Hicks>Sync Settings modal will need to adjusted to include a time setting for when the Master Product Catalog>Bill Hicks sync will occur, a button to start a manual sync, and some sort of tile or fields to show whether the sync is in progress, and how many records were updated, skipped or  rejected.
