ion with the redesigned Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm riflescope equipped with an improved optical system with ED glass and a new 3PW Wind MOA that replaces the bullet drop compensation notations. It features an extended PTC bottom crosshair to promote faster sight alignment at close low-power distances. - Housed in a shorter and lighter compact chassis the Burris Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm riflescope features industry-shattering P?K technology. This innovation allows users to dial-to-distance using a click-less digital elevation turret and integrated heads-up display ensuring they never have to take their eyes off the target. - Simply range the target match the HUD distance and let the scope guarantee precise aiming with ballistics data from the BurrisConnect App via Bluetooth. - Concerned about the battery running out during your outdoor expedition? Fear not. The Burris Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm riflescope functions without power after configuration ensuring it's perfect for prolonged hunting trips or situations where batteries are unavailable. Experience a quick and straightforward solution for bullet drop compensation eliminating the need for constant monitoring of turret clicks or intricate calculations with the Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm. - Elevate your precision game with the Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm riflescope where cutting-edge technology seamlessly meets user-friendly design. - Veracity PH 2.5-12x42mm Features - MECHANICAL/DIGITAL CLICK-LESS P?K ELEVATION KNOB - The most precise elevation turret ever in a Burris optic. A click-less elevation turret combined with a digital position sensor removes the need for detents milled into the turret delivering unmatched precision. By removing detents users can dial to the equivalent of 1/10 MOA. Digital position is displayed on built-in heads-up display offering a perfect balance of efficiency and security. No matter what happens in the field this optic will get the job done batteries or no batteries. - HEADS-UP DISPLAY (HUD) - A built-in heads-up display shows elevation turret position in Yards Meters or MOA rifle cant distance accurate wind holdover and battery level. - BLUETOOTH® FOR BURRISCONNECT - Bluetooth connectivity allows pairing to the BurrisConnect App on any smartphone or tablet for building custom ballistic profiles and operating advanced scope features. - 3PW Wind MOA Reticle - 3PW Wind MOA which is exclusive to the 2.5-12x model. This reticle replaces the bullet drop compensation denotations for an extended PTC bottom crosshair to promote faster sight alignment at close low-power distances. It also includes illumination along the center of the horizontal crosshair offering a precise aiming point from 2.5 to 12 magnification levels. - FIVE TIMES ZOOM SYSTEM - Highly versatile 5x zoom system allows for a larger field of view at close ranges and better target acquisition at long ranges. - ZERO TURN STOP ADJUSTMENT KNOBS - Allows you quickly and easily revert back to the original sight-in setting without leaving the scope or getting lost on the turret. - SIDE FOCUS PARALLAX ADJUSTMENT - An easy-to-reach side focus for parallax adjustment. - EXTRA-LOW DISPERSION (ED) GLASS - Veracity PH line comes equipped with an improved extra-low dispersion (ED) glass. The revised ED glass further reduces chromatic aberrations and enhances light transmission for clear and crisp edge-to-edge viewing and exceptional low-light performance. Whether you are working the dim light of heavy timber or full sunshine on the wide prairie the Veracity PH riflescopes will ensure a sharp clean image for game locating and precise shot placement.
000381002013